📝(upgrade) complete upgrade guide with AWS policy info (#554)
openfun/marsha: UPGRADE.md

## 3.0.0 to 3.1.0

### After switching

> - If before deploying you added the `AWSLambdaRole` policy to your AWS user you can remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If before deploying you've added the `AWSLambdaRole` policy to your AWS user, you may now safely remove it.
```

  to False. We want to warn that not running this migration is strongly discouraged and poses
  security threats as the content of the timed text tracks will now be displayed insecurely
  by React.

> - The migration 0016 will invoke an AWS lambda. To do that the AWS user you use in the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The migration 0016 will invoke an AWS lambda. To achieve this migration, the AWS user you use in the project
```

>   must have right to invoke lambda. If it's not the case you should add him the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  must have sufficient permissions to invoke lambda. If it's not the case, you should assign the
```

>   policy `AWSLambdaRole`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `AWSLambdaRole` policy.
```

  to False. We want to warn that not running this migration is strongly discouraged and poses
  security threats as the content of the timed text tracks will now be displayed insecurely
  by React.
- The migration 0016 will invoke an AWS lambda. To achieve this migration, the AWS user you use

>   in the project must have sufficient permissions to invoke lambda. If it's not the case, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in the project must have sufficient permissions to invoke lambdas. If it's not the case, you
```
